hold your breath
make a wish count to three come with me
in a world of your imagination
they buy a cup-like and you'll see like
it's time for another product review
hi
hey guys might be here with same-day
supplements calm bringing you another
product review so today I'm going to be
reviewing quote complex Pro Series buy
optimum nutrition to talk about what is
it the breakdown of what's inside
comparing it to the old formula mix
ability and taste before taking any
dietary supplement always check with
your physician first Pro complex Pro
Series by optimal nutrition is a
superior blend of high quality proteins
BCAAs and glutamine designed to support
impressive muscle size and rapid
recovery Pro complex is made up of two
proteins an isolate whey protein which
is a higher quality protein more refined
than whey concentrate and a hydrolyzed
whey protein which is pre digestive to
promote quick absorption
it also contains naturally occurring and
added branch chain amino acids and
glutamine for faster muscle recovery so
now it's time for the poor girl
so let's break down what's in one scoop
of Pro complex Pro Series we have 30
grams of protein isolate and hydrolyze
about 8 grams of branched chain amino
acids broken down into leucine
isoleucine valine in a 2 1:1 ratio about
5 grams of glutamine about a half a gram
of fat and less than 1 gram of sugar
that means there's more proven nutrients
in Pro complex Pro Series without the
fat and sugar delivering more calories
that count towards recovery so now I
want to compare and contrast Pro Series
with the standard Pro complex so with
the standard Pro complex you're not
getting the hydrolyzed whey but what you
are getting for more vitamins and a
larger serving size however with Pro
complex Pro Series you are getting the
hydrolyzed whey you're getting more
BCAAs you're getting more glutamine and
though you're not getting as many
vitamins you can always supplement it
with a multivitamin now remember for
more information about proteins VCAs
definitely check out the links for
Joby's nutritional videos in the
description section below Pro complex is
available in a 20 serving tub on same
day supplements calm for $57.99 now keep
in mind that 20 servings a tub is per 2
scoops so if you were only taking one
scoop you're looking at 40 servings per
tub alright the pro series is available
in two flavors on our website right now
chocolate and vanilla now getting to my
favorite part mix ability and taste so I
have my vortex blender bottle here and
my sample of Pro complex pro series mix
it up
the one thing I'm noticing is that it is
blending very very smoothly all right so
let's give a shot
that's a good protein all right so this
is chocolate I mixed it with with milk
so it is a you know has a creamier
consistency to it absolutely no clumps
no no graininess or sandy like you know
textures are very smooth it's a high
quality protein I have to say and it's
delicious so I hope you enjoyed that
supplement review of Pro complex pro
series by optimal nutrition um
definitely if this helped you out
like our page subscribe to us if you
have any requests you want to see
something review leave a comment in the
comment section below or you can email
me directly at mike d at same-day
supplements calm alright guys have a
great day stay frosty tastes like
chocolate milk really really good wow
that's a sample mmm yes